COMP 300 @ USD
Project 4: Thunderbird Turn Signal FSM

1. Partner A's FULL Name: Daren Shamoun
   Partner A's USD Email Address: darenshamoun@sandiego.edu

   Partner B's FULL Name:Tony Abelson
   Partner B's USD Email Address:tabelson@sandiego.edu

2. A typed copy of USD's academic integrity pledge, followed by BOTH you and your
   partner's typed initials (as a way of "signing the pledge.").

   The academic integrity pledge can be found on page 3 of
   the document found here: https://www.sandiego.edu/conduct/documents/HonorCode.pdf
   To be clear, it is the text that starts, "I pledge to demonstrate...".

   I pledge to demonstrate personal and academic integrity in all matters with my fellow students, 
   the faculty, and the administration here at USD. I promise to be honest and accountable for my actions; 
   and to uphold the statutes of scholastic honesty to better myself and those around me.

Ta & DS

3. Briefly describe how you designed your testbench, including how you
   determined which input signals to apply and when.

   We just tested every possible input at every possible state. 
   We applied each input at every possible state, 
   we we applied the inputs, depending on the case which we were testing, 
   after the negedge which followed the first posedge on each test case. 
   So that the second posedge would be the first real input for each test after a clean reset.

4. Fill in the following information from the "Analysis and Synthesis" report
   generated by Quartus after you compiled the FINAL version of your design.
   (You can also find this in a file named output_files/comp300_p04.map.summary.)

	- Number of registers used: 7
	- Number of I/O pins used: 10

6. The estimated number of hours spent working on the project:

	Partner A working alone: 2 hours
	Partner B working alone: 1 hour
	Working together: 4 hours


7. Did you submit on time? (If not, both partners will be charged one comp300 buck.)

   Yes

8. (Optional) Any feedback you with to give me relating the project (e.g. Was it
   interesting? How could it be improved?)
